Castle Raider

As the sun dips below the ramparts of the old town, troops file in, their
captain leading them to the garrison. As they make their way down the narrow,
cobbled streets, small groups of them slink away into the many taverns,
laughing, joking, obviously relieved to be inside the walls, pushing, shoving
each other. There will be trouble later, but by then you will be long gone.

It is time for the guard to change, time for the night watch to begin their
duties, but they are in no hurry; though the outlaws in the countryside know
the force stationed here will be no threat tonight, they gave them a wide
berth during their march here. The people in the nearby villages can sleep
soundly for a change.

One of the members of the watch begins to slowly climb the stairs to the top
of the wall; the others crowd together by the guard house, conducting some kind
of business with a few of the new arrivals. Taking your chance, you slip
through the open gate and take refuge in the long shadows fleeing the sunset.
The few eyes looking in your direction are hardly able to make out your form
as you wait for the approaching nightfall.

You recall the stories told when you were young. When the town itself was old,
the last of the elders told of a time when it was still a village, not much
more than a few houses and shelters. The road that ran through it went to the
castle on the edge of the wasteland; the deserted, derelict castle.

Night falls quickly in this season at the edge of the kingdom. Memories of
fireside tales about the last king's crown and the hidden treasure of the old
kingdom make the journey across the plains more bearable. Soon you arrive at
the outer fortifications. Crossing a bridge, you enter. Just as you pass
beneath the outer gate it suddenly crashes into place, cutting off your exit.
It was possibly just as well you hadn't planned to return that way.
